# Jul 31 SIG-Documentation Meeting

**See the [instructions](../README.md) for details on how to attend**

## Agenda

1. Opening, welcome and roll call
1. Announcements
    1. _Submit a PR to add your announcement here_
1. Other agenda items
    1. _Submit a PR to add your item here_

## Attendees

* Danny Macovei
* Eric Gregory

## Notes

* Super quick meeting with recap of previous meeting and updates on action items.
* Eric has PRs in to add earlier-phase proposals and a description of the proposal process to wasi.dev.
* Work on wkg is ongoing and is a dependency for registry documentation.
* We'll want to update the Component Model book to reflect updates in language toolchains like TinyGo.

## Action Items

* [ ] Eric's next priority for wasi.dev is to implement CI so it's easier to contribute and iterate.
* [ ] After that he wants to focus on sorting out what seems to be a docusaurus issue with routing to the registry.json file hosted there.
